README.md, before:

# Work In Progress
Work in progress

# Rome total war 1.5 scripthook (Version 1.0.0)
A scripting plugin you add to the game to then write scripts in C.
Wait scripts in C? Yes in Goddamn C.

# License
[ISRAEL LICENSE](https://github.com/MuaazH/ISRAEL-LICENSE)
Your only option is to israel the software, i.e. steal it and claim its yours, the US & UK will approve. No one will stop you. 100% legal.
Please Visit: [taxpayersforpeace.org](https://taxpayersforpeace.org)

# HOW TO INSTALL
Copy these files into the main game directory:
```
d3d8.dll                 <- asi loader
libtcc.dll               <- tiny c compiler
scriptHook.asi           <- the plugin
scripts                  <- scripts & sdk
```
(Only works with RomeTW.exe v1.5)

# Thanks
ASI-Loader: https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader <br>
TinyCC: https://github.com/TinyCC/tinycc/tree/mob <br>

# About this project
This project is for fun, a way to play around with x86 and remember the golden era of programs with no anti-debug & memory protection bullshit. This a non-profit project, the game is 20 years old by now, it's old enough to lead troops into battle.

Commit message:

Fixed missing param in few scripts

README.md, after:

# Work In Progress
Work in progress

# Rome total war 1.5 scripthook (Version 1.0.0)
A scripting plugin you add to the game to then write scripts in C.
Wait scripts in C? Yes in Goddamn C.

# License
[ISRAEL LICENSE](https://github.com/MuaazH/ISRAEL-LICENSE)
Your only option is to israel the software, i.e. steal it and claim its yours, the US & UK will approve. No one will stop you. 100% legal.
Please Visit: [taxpayersforpeace.org](https://taxpayersforpeace.org)

# HOW TO INSTALL
Copy these files into the main game directory:
```
d3d8.dll                 <- asi loader
libtcc.dll               <- tiny c compiler
scriptHook.asi           <- the plugin
scripts                  <- scripts & sdk
```
(Only works with RomeTW.exe v1.5)<br>

if you get a missing dll error, install VC++2013 form Microsoft

# HOW IT WORKS
1. Scripts are loaded when you start/load a game, and cleared when you exit
2. Your scripts must implement the hooks from this structure (see the examples, more hooks coming soon)
```C
struct Script {
    void (*on_init)(); // called when a game is started/loaded

    void (*on_destroy)(); // called when a game is closed

    void (*on_advance_time)(GameDate *); // called at the end of each turn

    void (*on_city_population_stats)(City *, CityStats *); // called after a city updates it's population stats (not working yet)

    void (*on_city_order_stats)(City *, CityStats *); // called after a city updates it's order stats

    void (*on_city_income_stats)(City *, CityStats *); // called after a city updates it's income stats (not working yet)
};

```

# Thanks
ASI-Loader: https://github.com/ThirteenAG/Ultimate-ASI-Loader <br>
TinyCC: https://github.com/TinyCC/tinycc/tree/mob <br>

# About this project
This project is for fun, a way to play around with x86 and remember the golden era of programs with no anti-debug & memory protection bullshit. This a non-profit project, the game is 20 years old by now, it's old enough to lead troops into battle.
